Rubric
Fail: 0.0 (no submission/no participation)
Weak: 1.0-2.9 (unacceptable file submissions & work progress)
Developing: 3.0-4.1 (developing file submissions & work progress)
Acceptable: 4.2-5.0 (satisfactory file submissions & work progress)
Exceeding: 5.1-6.0 (above & beyond file submissions & work progress)
The Instructor reserves the right to have a subjective grading discretion +/- 0.0 - 1.0%
Description/Details
Based on data, information, and knowledge gathered from the project discussion, teams will compile project insights via affinity diagramming and empathy mapping activities and create a user story mapping illustrating key Minimum Viable Products. Teams will also propose site navigations/site maps and produce several low-fidelity interface designs (low technology, i.e. paper and pencil). On the check-in "due" date listed above, teams will discuss knowledge gained via the documents below with key customers to confirm project planning activities and envisioned design directions.




Project team members:
        1        -         Tom Goncin         200412666        tgj616@uregina.ca
        2        -         Zifran        XXXXXXXXX        zkc929@uregina.ca
        3        -         Gabriel Sampaga    200426525        ggb676@uregina.ca
        4        -         Charles        ??????        ???????



Summarized project background & business need/opportunity:



Northstar & carryover customers:



Project assumptions (e.g. WordPress):



Project constraints (beyond time - we're all busy - what are the "real" constraints here folks):



Fill out your team's URCourses wiki:



Empathy mapping(s):





Affinity diagramming document(s) (i.e. categorizing similar findings):




Insights/needs chart/document (i.e. example, what, why):




Proposed navigation(s)/site map(s), i.e. how your team envisions supporting "digital wayfinding" (teams should produce at least one navigation/site map/team member, e.g. a team of 3 should have at least 3 different site maps proposals to be tested/explored.




Low-fidelity prototype explorations (teams should produce at least one low-fidelity interface/team member, e.g. a team of 3 should have at least 3 different low-fidelity prototypes to be tested/explored.



Ensure low-fidelity prototypes link to design ideas discussed in class; a minimum of three topics discussed in class relating to people-centred design (affordances, gestalt, constraints, etc.). Document these in a 1-page PDF.




User story map (PDF export from StoriesOnBoard) with envisioned MVPs




Summarized customer notes from scheduled customer/team check-ins



Self/peer review files (uploaded to URCourses only)




Good (Readable)-Excellent grammar, spelling, and professionalism in all documents and GitHub



All files uploaded to GitHub




Note on your team's "customer presentation" deliverable




Each team will get 10 minutes (or so) to discuss project work during the "customer check-in date." Your team's presentation should provide an overview of your key explorations and ideas as per this project activity, i.e. At a minimum, you should provide an overview of


Confirm empathy mapping & associated problem insights


Your team's navigation/site map ideas


Your team's low-fidelity prototypes



Your team's evolved USM



With each of the above, you should also provide an opportunity to discuss your explorations with the customer and gather feedback on the good, bad, and better so as to evolve your design ideas accordingly. It would be wise to allow everyone on the team to discuss at least one topic to provide all with presentation experience.

